So now let's talk about a few exam tips
that I can give you before you go into the exam.
So this is AWS, so practice makes perfect.
I would recommend, if you can,
to follow this hands-on in this course
if you are new to AWS,
and don't rush before getting to the exam,
make sure you really understand what services do
and how they work.
Overall, the more you can practice the better,
and the more confident you will feel for the exam.
The exam does recommend you have six month or more
of hands-on experience,
but hopefully, in this course,
by following the hands-on, if you did them,
you will have gained a lot of experience already.
And finally, remember, practice makes perfect.
If you feel overwhelmed
by the amount of knowledge we learned,
so more than 40 services in 10 hours,
maybe you will go through it one more time,
just to solidify these concepts into your head.
It could be a lot to take at once.
So let's talk about the exam content and question types.
So there are two types of question on the exam.
The first one is a multiple choice,
that means that you have one correct answer
and three incorrect responses.
So it will look like this, for example,
"Which AWS service does rock,"
and you have option one, option two,
option three, and option four.
And you can see it's a circle,
so you can only choose one of these four options.
Then you have multiple responses,
where you have two or more correct responses,
out of five or more options.
And the exam software, you have to be very careful,
does not check if you have selected
the right number of answers.
So for example, if the question is "Blabla questions,
and then select two,"
then it will give you option one,
two, three, four, and five,
and you should absolutely select two.
But if you select one or if you select three,
the exam software will not complain about it.
So be very careful in these type of questions
to really tic the number of boxes
that correspond to how many answers you should select,
based on the question,
and the question will tell you how many questions,
responses, should select.
Always try to answer the question.
That means that if you don't answer a question,
it will be considered as incorrect.
And if you have a wrong answer, you're not penalized.
So no matter what, try to guess the answer.
And finally, if you need to review a question for later,
because maybe you don't know the answer right now,
maybe it'll come back to you later,
or maybe you're unsure
about a question answer that you've done,
you can flag it so you can answer it or not,
and then flag it.
And then when you're done answering all questions,
you will have a flag screen.
And on that screen,
you can go back to all the questions that you've flagged
or any other question for that matter.
But with this,
you can go back quickly to the question
that you've flagged for maybe answering them
or double checking your answer, these kinds of things.
Now, for the question themselves,
you should proceed by elimination.
So most questions,
as we've seen in the sample questions,
are going to be high-level pick-a-service questions.
So rule out the answers that you know for sure are wrong,
and for the remaining answers,
understand the one which makes the most sense.
There are very few trick questions
at the Cloud Practitioner level and the Associate level,
so don't overthink it.
If a solution seems feasible, but highly complicated,
it's probably going to be wrong, okay?
Think simple, follow your intuition,
and you should be all right.
Now, it is good for you,
if you want to learn a bit more about AWS,
to read each service's overview.
So we've seen about 40 services in this course,
so for example,
if you wanted to look at the overview of S3,
you will go to this URL and see what S3 can do.
This could be really helpful because, again,
these overviews will represent
a lot of the questions asked at the exam,
and by seeing the overview,
you will confirm your understanding of a service.
Finally, if you wanna go one step further,
get into the AWS Community,
that means helping and discussing with other people,
especially in the course Q&A,
review people's questions in the Q&A
and try to answer them to confirm
that you understand things correctly.
And finally, do the practice exam in this section.
And if you're looking for even more practice,
then you can buy more practice exams from me
from my dedicated practice exam course.
You can read forums online,
you can read online blogs,
and if you want to really get into the community,
you can attend local meetups
and discuss with other AWS engineers.
Finally, if you're really, really interested into AWS,
watch the reinvent videos on YouTube.
The reinvent is the conference of AWS.
One question I get all the time is,
"How will the exam work?"
So you will have to register online at this URL,
and the fee for this exam is going to be 100 U.S dollars.
You need to provide two identity documents,
so your ID, your credit card,
and all of this will be in the details
of an email sent to you once you register for the exam.
And you're not allowed to take any notes,
you're not allowed to use any pen,
and you're not allowed to speak.
You will have 65 questions
that will be asked of you in 90 minutes.
And at the end,
you can optionally review all the questions and answers.
And as you go along,
you can flag the questions
that you think are difficult for you
to review them at the end, as well.
So when you submit the exam,
you will know right away if you've passed or failed,
if you passed it says congratulation pass.
If you fail, it will say fail.
You will not know which answers are right or wrong,
this is intended,
and you will know your overall score only a few days later,
you will have received an email notification.
It can take sometimes up to five days,
but normally two days.
And then to pass this exam,
as I said, you need a score of 700 out of 1,000.
And if you happen to fail, which I don't wish you do,
then you can retake the exam again after 14 days.
So that's it, thank you so much for learning with me.
I wish you the best for your certification.
Happy learning and good luck.